Feature 2346 main v5.1 update templates (#2588)
dtcenter/METplus: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/update_truth.md

- [ ] Select **engineer(s)** or **no engineer** required
- [ ] Select **scientist(s)** or **no scientist** required

### Milestone and Projects ###

> - [ ] Select **Milestone** as the next official version or **Backlog of Development Ideas**

Reviewer: Updating the truth data should never be added to the backlog since it should be completed ASAP. If updating truth for an existing release, the bugfix milestone should be used instead.
```suggestion
- [ ] Select **Milestone** as the next official version if updating truth data for the `develop` branch OR select next X.Y.Z bugfix version if updating truth data for a `main_vX.Y` branch
```

Author: @georgemccabe Great point!  Clearly I wasn't using my brain for this one!🤪

> - [ ] For the next official version, select the **METplus-Wrappers-X.Y.Z Development** project

Reviewer: If the truth data is being updated for an existing release, then the coordinated release support project should be selected instead. 
```suggestion
- [ ] If updating truth data for the `develop` branch, select the **METplus-Wrappers-X.Y.Z Development** project OR if updating truth for a `main_vX.Y` branch, select the **Coordinated METplus-X.Y Support** project
```
